If you need assistance completing this form, please contact us at 817-272-3561.
B@ @ Office of Financial Aid
Office Use Only
2021-2022 Office: Davis Hall, Room 252 Phone: 817-272-3561 Fax: 817-272-3555
Mail: PO Box 19199, Arlington, TX 76019 Email: fao@uta.edu
Cost of Attendance (COA) PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION VIA EMAIL
Adjustment Request
This form can be used to request consideration of an adjustment to the standard cost of attendance used to determine financial aid
eligibility. Submission of this form does not guarantee that a cost of attendance adjustment will be made or that additional aid will
be awarded if an adjustment is made. Aid adjustments are subject to program and funding restrictions.
Student's Name: UTA ID:
Indicate below the educational cost component(s) to which you are requesting an adjustment. Attach a detailed explanation
concerning the increased cost/request along with supporting documentation to substantiate the cost/request.
Educational Cost Documentation Detailed Supporting
Component Required Explanation Documentation
Receipts for required books and supplies and proof of
requirement that exceed estimated amount
O Books and Supplies Receipt for the purchase of a personal computer D Attached D Attached
including the type, place and date purchased, and cost
(this is a one-time allowable adjustment while at UTA)
0 Room and Board  Rental/lease agreement D Attached DO Attached
Receipts for emergency repairs in the student's name
O Transportation and paid by the student - do not include standard D Attached D Attached
maintenance, car payments, receipts for gas, and/or
insurance payments
 Bocumentation showing study abroad program, dates,
O Study Abroad Program number of semester hours, budget, and estimated D Attached D Attached
expenses including airfare, lodging, meal costs, etc.
 Cocumentation from dependent care provider
O Dependent Care Listing of dependents requiring care, including name, D Attached D Attached
relationship, number of months in care during the
enrollment period, and the monthly charge
Certification and Signature(s)
Please sign and date below. Signing below certifies that all of the information reported is complete and accurate, and that the
signature is hand-written and not forged. Typed names or digitally configured signatures in lieu of hand-written signatures will not
be accepted.
Student's Signature (Required) Date
WARNING: If you purposely give false or misleading information, you may be fined, sent to prison, or both.
