A UNIVERSITY OF Office of International Education (OIE)
re T E XA S CPT: Student Information
ARLINGTON swift Center 1022 UTA Blvd, Box 19028 Arlington, TX 76019-0028 PH (817) 272-2355 FAX (817) 272-5005
Biographical Data
Student Name Birth Date
UTID4 E-mail Gender: ( Male C Female
Country of Citizenship Immigration Status Expected Graduation
(Semester / Year)
Current degree level Current Major
USS, Street Address
City State Zip Phone
General Requirements:
Students must meet the following to be eligible for CPT:
 F-1 Student.
Good Academic Standing
Full time enrollment in the US for at least one academic year.
Full time enrollment in current degree program for at Icast one semester at UT-Arlington,
Enrollment in the corresponding intemship course at UT-Arlington.
The employment requested is an integral part of the degree program.
Specific Requirements:
Pleae read the following and initial:
I understand that:
My 1-20 end date is 1 understand that I cannot extend my I-20 based on my internship.
Part-Time CPT (20hrs/week or less) requires full time enrollment.
Tam allowed only two semesters of CPT (full or part time).
JT must submit a complete application to the OTE for each CPT.
My CPT dates may not span more than onc semester. I understand thal my slari date must be between the day after the
last day of the previous semester and the midsession date and my end date must be before the start of the next semester.
If T want to change employers or discontinue my employment, I will speak with an OTF. advisor immediately.
 T may not begin working until I have reccived employment authorization (new 1-20) from the OIE.
Procedure for approval:
r Talk to your academic advisor to discuss internship options in your specific degree program
Tv Interview and get an offer letter for an INTERNSHIP position.
An internship is defined as supervised employment of limited duration, with education and experience being its
primary function.
T- Faroll in the corresponding intemship course.
- Have your academic advisor fill out the CPT Academic Advisor Recommendation form.
r Bring the following documents to OJE for processing:
Employment Offer Letter
CPT Academic Advisor Recommendation Form/Student Information Form
Within 7-10 business days, the OIE will determine eligibility and issue a new I-20 authorizing the employment for the specified dates.
Once you receive your new 1-20, you may begin working on the start date listed on page 3.
T have fully completed the above information and understand the regulations regarding this process:
Signature Date
You may be entitled to know what information The University of Texas at Arlington (UT Arlington) collects concerning you. You may review
and have UT Arlington correct this information according to procedures set forth in UTS 139, The law is found in sections 552.021, 552.023
and 559.004 of the Texas Government Code.
